WebMANTIS
==========

WebMANTIS is a web based visualization interface that enables the user to control simulation properties through a user interface within a web browser; it can also be accessed through the browsers (such as Mozilla Firefox and Chrome) of mobile devices such as smartphones or tablets. WebMANTIS acts as a server backend and communicates with an NVIDIA GPU computing cluster, therefore it can support a multi-user environment where users can execute different experiments in parallel. The output consists of the point response function (PRF) images, pulse height spectra (PHS) images, and optical transport statistics generated by hybridMANTIS. The users can also download the ouput images and statistics through a zip file for future reference. In addition, it provides a visualization window that displays a few selected optical photon path as it gets transported through the detector columns and allows the user to trace the history of the optical photons.

VisualMANTIS
============

VisualMANTIS is a simplified single user stand alone version of WebMANTIS that is executed on a workstation. These graphical interfaces expand the capability of hybridMANTIS by enabling users to set up their own computational experiments on any GPU computing resource.

Disclaimer
==========

This software and documentation (the "Software") were developed at the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) by employees of the Federal Government in the course of their official duties. Pursuant to Title 17, Section 105 of the United States Code, this work is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of the Software, to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, or sell copies of the Software or derivatives, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so. FDA assumes no responsibility whatsoever for use by other
parties of the Software, its source code, documentation or compiled executables, and makes no guarantees, expressed or implied, about its quality, reliability, or any other characteristic. Further, use of this code in no way implies endorsement by the FDA or confers any advantage in regulatory decisions. Although this software can be redistributed and/or modified freely, we ask that any derivative works bear some notice that they are derived from it, and any modified versions bear some notice that they have been modified. 



Package Contents
================

	* VisualMANTIS/ : contains the source code for VisualMANTIS, readme and manual for installing and executing the code
	
	* WebMANTIS/ : contains source code for WebMANTIS, and readme detailing its sub-folders
	
	* VisualMANTIS_WebMANTIS_manual.pdf : this provides detailed information on downloading and compiling both VisualMANTIS and WebMANTIS
	
	* README.md : provides information on  various parts of the package contents
